UNDERWRITING ➝ POLICY ➝ ISSUE
                            ↓
                   ENDORSE / CANCEL / EXTEND

Underwriting evaluates and approves the risk.

Policy is the contract created after underwriting.

Issue is the official activation of the policy.

Endorsement updates an existing policy.

Cancel/Extend modifies the policy's coverage lifecycle.



Here below my existing and running old software entry form,can you suggest me the perfect policy design for OMP(Oversise medical policy) 
Policy:
-------
1.Last Policy No:
2.Search:
3.OMP type:Busines & Holiday Tour(short name B&H)
	Corporate Frequent Travel(CFT)
	Employement Travel(ESS)
	Student Studies Travel(STU)

4.Plan type:Plan_type OMP_Name
	A	World-Wide Excluding USA/Canada & Schengen Countries
	B	World-Wide Excluding USA/Canada & Schengen Countries

5.Policy Condition:This Travel Insurance is only available to Bangladesh Citizens between 6 months and 79 years of age who are undertaking bonafide trips outside Bangladesh which will

6.Policy No:
7.New No:
8.Issue Date:
9.Category:
10.Age:02/06/1961(63 years 07 months 05 days)
11.Address:
12.Contact No:
13.Insured Occupation(Specify):CEO
14.Passport No:
15.Name of Usual Pysician and Contact No:
16.Deductible:See Schedule of Benefits attached in the policy wording
17.Amonut of Prmium(Standard):(Rate calculation table is
Plan type:
Days:
Age:
Premium:
Plan:
18.Add%:
19.Net Premium:
20.Vat%:
21.Total:
22.Date of Purchase:Date
From date: To Date: Days:
23.No of days coverd:
24.First day of Insurance
25.Coutry to ve visit
26.Producer:(Emp Name,Branch)
27.Inhouse Business
28.MR No:
29.MR Date:
30.MOP:Cash
31.Bank Name:
32.Branch Name:
33.Check No:
34.Check Date:
35.Name of employer:
36.Narration:i) Electronics data endorsement B
ii) War & Terrorism as per the exclusion clause.
iii) Claims important information.
iv) Professional Sports and Sports team of any sort are excluded,
v) Warranted that if any alteration/ modification/ cancellation of this needed the insured must inform the PIONEER INSURANCE COMPANY LTD. in writing before his/her departure (data as mentioned in the policy) from Bangladesh.
vi) Appication in respect of Children Aged 5 and under:- This Policy excludes cover for treatment relating to "Mumps, Chicken Pox, Measles, German Measles, Spina Bifida, Whooping- Cough, Diphtheria, Poliomyelities, Meninggitis and Scarlet Fever" and for consequences attributable thereto, accelerated thereby or arising there from.
vii) Subject to Coronavirus Exclusion Clause attacted.

Button:
Add New
Save 
Edit
Premium Bill (button if i open then show a bill document) 
Save As
Exit Preview

another few information from my old software:
Underwridter section:
	Plicy(already provide info)
	Endorsement:
	1.Serach Policy No
	2.Search Enforment No
	3.New End No
	4.Last end No
	5.Endorsment No
	6.Endorsment Date